." Created by Ian Burgwin.
.TH "NH-OWNER" 7 "2018-11-25" "Nintendo Homebrew"
.SH NAME
nh-owner \- information for owners of Nintendo Homebrew
.SH DESCRIPTION
This explains commands and other information to owners.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B nhctl
Contains various commands to manage the system, services, and users.
See
.BR nhctl (1)
for details.
.SH SYSTEMD UNITS (OLD)
NH services run as \fIsystemd units\fP.
You should use
.BR nhctl (1)
for managing services, unless you need to interact with systemd directly.
There are four units, with the following names:
.PP
.PD 0
.TP 20
.B kurisu
Kurisu, the main bot
.TP 20
.B panopticon
panopticon, the logger
.TP 20
.B mod-mail
discord-mod-mail, the mod-mail system
.TP 20
.B ninupdates-check
ninupdates-check, the system update checker
.PD
.PP
Unit file names and usernames are identical for each service.
.SS Controlling systemd units
The services can be controlled by using \fBsystemctl\fP.
A few example commands are listed below.
.TP
.BI "systemctl link " "./kurisu.service"
Link the
.I kurisu.service
unit file in the current directory, so it can be used by \fIsystemd\fP.
Note that
.B systemctl link
requires a directory separator, so the name
.I kurisu.service
would not be enough.
See the
.B FILES
section for the location of the NH unit files.
.TP
.BI "systemctl enable " "kurisu"
Enable the
.I kurisu
unit.
This will allow the unit to start on boot, and allow you to manually start it.
.TP
.BI "systemctl disable " "kurisu"
Disable the
.I kurisu
unit.
This will also unlink it, so you must use
.B systemctl link
before you can re-enable it.
.TP
.BI "systemctl start " "kurisu"
Start the
.I kurisu
unit.
.TP
.BI "systemctl restart " "kurisu"
Restart the
.I kurisu
unit.
.TP
.BI "systemctl stop " "kurisu"
Stop the
.I kurisu
unit.
.TP
.B "systemctl daemon-reload"
Reload unit files after editing them.
You must use this command if a unit file was edited while it was in use.
.SS Viewing the journal
The
.I systemd journal
is where the output of units is stored.
You can view the output with \fBjournalctl\fP.
A few example commands are listed below.
.TP
.BI "journalctl -u " "kurisu"
View the full journal for the 
.I kurisu
unit
.TP
.BI "journalctl -f -u " "kurisu"
View the last few messages of the
.I kurisu
unit, and follow updates
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /opt/nintendohomebrew/etc/nhd/units
Custom NH service unit files for \fIsystemd\fP.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR journalctl (1),
.BR systemctl (1)
